README.md, before:


1.Download Jasypt from http://www.jasypt.org/download.html
2. Unzip to a location
3. Go to <Installed_Location>\jasypt-1.9.3\lib
4. Note the encrypted secret and update in your properties file (make sure properties file is externalized!) - Use format ENC(---encrypted_secret---)
5. Add Jasypt starter in pom.xml in Spring Boot project

Encryption command:

java -cp jasypt-1.9.3.jar org.jasypt.intf.cli.JasyptPBEStringEncryptionCLI input="my-secret-to-encrypt" password=jasypt-master-password algorithm=PBEWithMD5AndDES




Decryption command:

java -cp jasypt-1.9.3.jar org.jasypt.intf.cli.JasyptPBEStringDecryptionCLI input="3YAI79Zf8JzqNCoHB4ukyxD1fV33gs7v" password=jasypt-master-password algorithm=PBEWithMD5AndDES

You can add key in application properties as jasypt.encryptor.password=jasypt-master-password 
OR
You can also give it on runtime as program argument --jasypt.encryptor.password=jasypt-master-password
for Spring Boot


java -jar jasypt-camel-spring-boot-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar --jasypt.encryptor.password=jasypt-master-password

Steps
-----

1. Clone the project
2. Go to root folder where pom.xml is
3. To build: mvn clean install
4. Run command: mvn spring-boot:run

Commit message:

Updated with batch file commands to encrypt and decrypt

README.md, after:


1.Download Jasypt from http://www.jasypt.org/download.html
2. Unzip to a location
3. Go to <Installed_Location>\jasypt-1.9.3\lib
4. Note the encrypted secret and update in your properties file (make sure properties file is externalized!) - Use format ENC(---encrypted_secret---)
5. Add Jasypt starter in pom.xml in Spring Boot project

Encryption command:

java -cp jasypt-1.9.3.jar org.jasypt.intf.cli.JasyptPBEStringEncryptionCLI input="my-secret-to-encrypt" password=jasypt-master-password algorithm=PBEWithMD5AndDES




Decryption command:

java -cp jasypt-1.9.3.jar org.jasypt.intf.cli.JasyptPBEStringDecryptionCLI input="3YAI79Zf8JzqNCoHB4ukyxD1fV33gs7v" password=jasypt-master-password algorithm=PBEWithMD5AndDES


You may use the batch file as well. That is much simpler to use as expected (No longer you need to know the java command and the class name etc). Try it out to understand.

Go to bin directory and use like below:

<Installed_Location>\jasypt-1.9.3\bin>encrypt.bat input="My Secret to encrypt" password=master_pwd

<Installed_Location>\jasypt-1.9.3\bin>decrypt.bat input=zmgrupGJtldPDIrdeMmqreQLHzK4naOp password=master_pwd




You can add key in application properties as jasypt.encryptor.password=jasypt-master-password 
OR
You can also give it on runtime as program argument --jasypt.encryptor.password=jasypt-master-password
for Spring Boot


java -jar jasypt-camel-spring-boot-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar --jasypt.encryptor.password=jasypt-master-password

Steps
-----

1. Clone the project
2. Go to root folder where pom.xml is
3. To build: mvn clean install
4. Run command: mvn spring-boot:run
